While I have never been prone to website postings, I found the comment of jyoun06 on 10/26 so stirring to my soul, that it warranted an immediate response. ROTN, indeed featured it share of veteran actors, but I feel the ensemble cast was highlighted by some smaller roles which though short on screen time come up big on presence and memorablility. Important to note is the performance of Carl Cherry. Though billed only as Tri-Lamb , recent studies by film scholars have revealed evidence that this ghost in the darkness may in fact be Lawrence Mosquito. Lawrence, as fans will recall is the often mentioned, rarely seen ghost brother of the Lambda brethren. Carl has been denied his rightful claim to this role for 16 years. Hopefully with the truth now clear, the cinematic world will embrace him for his accomplishments. I would like to commend Lance Lombardo. Though now an accomplished set director,the Rush Hour (1998) Money Talks (1997) Set It Off (1996) , in 1984 Lance was a daring young actor. Few people on the set were up to the challenge of portray Lamar s date , the controversial role of a young homosexual in an inter-racial relationship. Society was not as sympathetic towards gays in the mid-80 s , and rumor has it that lance was subject to some ridicule on the set by the Alpha Beta camp. If only released a few years later, I feel this role could have yielded Lance an Oscar nomination for its abundance of honesty and emotion. (Remember when he bites Lamar s phallic balloon hat.) Finally, Kres Mersky, who made who film debut as Check out girl in Oh God! (1977) gives a stirring portrayal of Mrs. Wormser, forced to drop her son (Andrew Cassesse) off in a gymnasium like a refugee. Can anyone else see the obvious reference to Sophie s Choice as a mother is forced to give up her child? Such literary references are common place for the writing team of Flores-Tejada and Buhei, who render a poignant social commentary. However, the duo does leave one plot point unresolved at the conclusion of the film. What happened to Gilberts dad? 