My last review of this film was so offensive that they couldn't post it. This sick testament to racist American values left me feeling so sick and cynical as to nearly provoke violence in my otherwise pacifist spirit. This is the worst film that I have ever seen, after Phantasm 2 and countless other sequels, horror schlockfests, and exploitation films . This film insulted my soul. Its paen to romance is a farce in itself, with such flat dialogue that I cannot even remember it to quote it... The female lead, Miss Beckinsale, has managed to feign likability eben in the face of her despicably empty foray into quick sex in public, something that I KNOW is viciously empty in itself. But the act is romanticized! The cinematography and unnecessarily sexy setting alone are ridiculous. When Mr. Hartnett inevitably lays down his racist, war-mongering life for the good old USA, I was moved to laughter. The constant stream of racial slurs delivered by our heroic boys are evocative of the wonderfully propagandist flicks of the war era itself, and their stupid patriotism is so empty as to insult anyone who has ever laid down their life for any country. This is the perfect antithesis to Arlington National Cemetary, to Saving Private Ryan , to the young, innocent dead! I have never felt guiltier for my nationality, not when standing at the Smithsonian looking at the tribute to the Japanese oppressed by our people in internment camps during WW2, whose plight was caused by those empty fools who share the morale professed by this sick, sad film, not when reading of the conditions of the slaves whose oppression was enforced by our former presidents. The film left me so ill as to wish the death of the touching conclusion's little boy in Vietnam, being brought up in the vein of his dear daddies, doubtless to become one of the crouching, slurring monuments to blind racism, running through the grass with an automatic weapon and a desire for the blood of an unseen foe, and certainly not enjoying the kill 'em all glory that his fathers managed... When he is blown apart by an unseen mine, I wonder what Mr. Affleck's character would do... Erect a monument to his heroism . Sick. This film is a sick, war-loving void, whose romance will doubtless result in the philandering of countless impressionable young girls, and whose racist violence is eerily reminiscent of the modern national sentiment toward the Afghanis... It's okay to hate, kids! It's okay to kill... Okay... This is the most insulting, most vapid, most vile film in my realm of experience. Blasphemy, cruelty, madness and publicity. A bloated, painted devil-whore.