I watch this movie 5 times a day at least, I love it! I mean it's great from the moment Judith Myers get's badly butchered to the moment that Michael Myers breaths at the very end of the movie, the whole movie is absolutley a great masterpiece of horror, I think Tony Moran was a wonderful face for Michael Myers and Nick Castle's performance as the masked Michael was great!, but I think Tony Moran should of been Michael Myers the whole movie. Lynda and Annie were great characters in fact all the characters were wonderful and memorable. Michael Myers is the coolest serial killer ever! I honestly couldn't live without Michael Myers! he's awesome! there are a lot of memorable moments in this flim like of course the killing of Judith Myers, The time Michael escaped from the Mental Hospital the way he jumped on the car was amazing!, The car scene when he kills Annie I will never forget the face Michael had when he killed Annie he just kept looking at her the same way(lol) and also I like the sound it makes right when he stabs her!. The masquerade part is great when Michael dresses up as a ghost and he's has Bob's glasses on his nose(lol), The part when Bob says alright come on out! and Michael comes out and grabs Bob by the neck and chokes and stabs him I like the part when Michael tilts his head back and forth from side to side and looks at the Dead Bob! and also the whole time Michael chases Laurie is one of the coolest and one of the most memorable parts of the movie I love the scenes where he chases Laurie they are awesome! Michael Myers has the coolest mask ever! and Tony Moran rocks! he is the coolest face for Michael Myers ever! and that mixed together makes the coolest serial killer ever! and of course the butcher knife does too! Every time I watch Halloween this wonderful,beautiful,fanastic feeling comes over me! This flim is flawless! So if you haven't seen it you MUST see it you will enjoy every moment! and expirence The Night HE Came Home! It's a great slasher flim that I will always be obsessed with! Thank you John Carpenter for bring us your beautiful flim HALLOWEEN, it's has cool music and it's absloutely perfect! If you haven't seen it rent it!!! it's really really wonderful!!! a classic!! 