Without a doubt, the most important film of the last half of the 20th century. This brought film-making into a whole new light. Completely changed the way the film industry handled movies. It created the term summer blockbuster and also made film merchandising almost as important as the film itself (this isn't always a good thing). What really makes it fantastic for me is that it takes me back to childhood. I was shy of nine years old when it came out, and I didn't have any idea it was the enormous success that it turned out to be. I just knew I loved it. We acted out scenes from the movie and had hours of fun doing it. My cousin, who wasn't nearly as well-versed in the Star Wars script as I was, would take my direction, and we would act out the swing to safety scene, and we would have lightsaber battles using small tree branches when necessary. All the while, I was telling her what to say and what to do. A director's work is hard. Anyway, we had so much fun doing it, and it's all because of that movie. Now, when I mention Star Wars people role their eyes at me, because they think that's all I like to talk about. They aren't totally wrong about that, I must admit. There is an acquaintance of mine who turns her nose up whenever I mention the words Star Wars . What I don't tell her is that I wouldn't mention them nearly as much if she wouldn't act that way. She acts like Star Wars is some weird thing that nobody gets but me. I try to explain to her the billions of dollars in ticket sales and she says it's only because of people like me. She can't get it through her thick head that people of all races, creeds and colors like Star Wars. I've met people in toy stores who had grandchildren, and I said very innocently your grandchildren will love that , and they say we're not buying it for our grandchildren, we're buying it for us! Star Wars appeals to people of all ages too, I guess. Anyway, Star Wars to me is a wondrous film, and I hate to think of what life would be like without it.