Of course, like any other documentarian and activist, Moore misses the point from time to time, but for the most part, his three features were on the money. Fahrenheit 9/11 did make too much of the Unocal issue and was slightly off-base when it came to the number of children of Congressional members in military service (Moore said it was 1 when the number is actually around 4, which still means that less than 1% of Congressmen/women have children at risk of being in military harm's way: the interesting point Moore made in this regard is that not a single member of Congress he approached in terms of recruiting their children would give him the time of day. What great leaders we have who are willing to make the same sarifices the common people routinely do!). He did belabor some points that should have been left alone, but he did point out some damning facts that did not paint GWB in flattering colors, and for good reason. It was great that Moore included the now-famous eight minutes of GWB reading My Favorite Goat: here, the so-called Leader of the Free World who's supposed to be so vigilant against terrorism and stalwart in protecting the nation, blankly sitting there like a bump on a log after he was informed that our nation was under attack. Now, that's leadership and decisiveness! Actually, he sat there, blinking like the deer caught in the headlights, immobile, paralyzed, obviously totally unsure of what to do. He looked heavily medicated, as well. Another very interesting point was how members of the House of Saud and other prominent Arabs, through the intermediary Mr. Bath, coughed up millions of dollars to bail out young GWB's failed oil prospecting projects. No wonder GWB refuses to go after the real enemy, the true sponsors of terrorism. Also interesting that the bin Laden and Bush families are bigtime players in the Carlyle Group: obviously oil and money are thicker than blood to these people, that the financial interests of the Bush family are more important than national security and the safety of American citizens. It's not terribly surprising that GWB dropped the ball in terms of getting Osama or eradicating his apparatus and instead went off half-cocked on this lame Iraq distractionary adventure. Anyone who pans this film and accuses it of being fictive and grossly inaccurate is obviously one of those brainwashed dimbulbs blindly allegiant to that moronic draft dodger and fool currently drooling in the Oval Office. Get with it rightwing touchholes: Bush is a total loser.