Michael Moores film Fahrenheit 9/11 gives his left leaning slant on the Bush Adminstration and 9/11, just as Rush and OReilly and Hannity, etc., give their right leaning slant on those topics every day on the radio and TV. I think Moores slant is closer to the truth. There is no doubt in my mind that Bush has screwed us up royally. I cannot remember a time in which there was so much animosity toward America around the globe. Do you know that the day after 9/11 there were candlelight vigils being held in Iran in sorrow and respect for our tragedy? We had the whole world behind us, even after we went into Afghanistan, an action that most Americans, myself included, felt was justifiable and appropriate. The war in Iraq turned all of that good will into hatred. It has alienated former allies. It has divided our nation. It has taken the lives of hundreds of fine American servicemen and women. It has also ruined the lives of thousands of others who have been maimed, both physically and psychologically. It has also taken the lives of thousands of innocent Iraqi civilians. The financial cost of the war is tremendous and will certainly have lasting implications for our economy. And what is the big reward for our efforts? The removal from power of a murderous tyrant whom had already been so marginalized by the Gulf War that he posed no real threat to us or our allies. And the Iraqi people are so grateful for our intervention on their behalf that they are attempting to kill our soldiers every chance they get. Fahrenheit 9/11 put a spotlight on certain issues which have been rather puzzling to me, such as, why the delayed and seemingly half-hearted attempt at capturing Osama Bin Laden? Why did we shift our focus from Al Qaeda, the extremist Muslim organization responsible for the 9/11 attack, to Iraq, a secular state with virtually no ties to Bin Laden or Al Qaeda? Moores film might have you believe that the answer to those questions could be big money and power. I dont know that I ascribe to all of the conspiracy theories surrounding the relationships between the Bush Administration and the Saudis, or the role of large American corporations in the rebuilding of Iraq and its prized oil reserves, but I can tell you it all looks and smells very bad. If that sounds cynical, let me just remind you of the corrupting role that big money and power played in the recent implosion of our friends at Enron. In my opinion, this war has become a national tragedy for which the Bush Administration must be voted out of office. If Mr. Moores film helps accomplish this goal, than he is a hero in my estimation.