Well, it's time once again for my favorite Rate It All pasttime: singling out morons! And the award goes to...ClassicTVFan47! What kind of neo-fascist are you? You have a seriously unhealthy obsession with profanity that might do well by some professional counseling. Did the guy who stole your lunch money say F*ck every time he did it? What's the hang up, the association? I think I've sufficiently handled the subject of profanity in my comments on Swearing, so anyone interested should look that up under my comments. I decided to read a few of your comments after I saw your rating of Jackass or as you so eloquently state, The Donkey Show. What a mental midget. And I thought I could let most of it slide until I saw your comments on The Matrix. A boring, tedius, pessimsitic sci-fi film that is terribly overrated, the Matrix combines objectionable content with a plot that creeps you out. Star Trek is the best sci-fi franchise out there, so watch the hundreds of hours of brilliant sci-fi than this boring movie. What exactly could be so objectionable about the content of The Matrix? Oh no, a movie about a resistance movement that involves violence! Is nothing sacred? And how effective would a story about an entire population under total mind control be if it wasn't creepy and disturbing? I've never seen anyone villify a serial killer by dressing them up in a bunny suit and having them snuggle with babies, so learn to deal. But then it hit me. After further inspection, I learned that you have a certain affinity for things like Al Gore and liberalism. That's when I pieced together just how objectionable The Matrix could be to such a willing automaton who fears becoming unplugged from the neo-socialist machine moreso than the plague. The fact that this movie portrays, negatively, such a startling parallel to the Communist utopia of mass ignorance that neo-socialists like yourself so fuzzily dream about was probably a little less than comfortable for a good little soldier like you.