[Update: I did finally see the whole movie. To prevent people from buying or renting it...The Movie goes like this...All the Dogvillians treat outsider Nicole Kidman like crap and eventually get to to the point where all the men-folk chain her to the bed and rape her...except for the dude who truly loves her (even though he is an absolutely pathetic idiot). The stupid Dogvillians end up calling the gangsta to get her daughter, knowing that they will probably kill her. Well, turns out, Nicole Kidman is the daughter of the Gangsta who she hates and is running away from. But she hates the Dogvillians even more. Gangstas kill everyone in Dogville and burn the town down. Nicole Kidman personally kills the idiot so-called boyfriend who did nothing to help her. The End. [Original Post] I went to Blockbuster last night. All the Van Helsing's were checked out so it was either Dogville or Envy. I picked poorly. If just one humanoid reads my review and avoids renting or viewing Dogville, I will feel that RateItAll serves some purpose to mankind. Dogville was truly horrid; it was more like Dog Pile. I'll get to that in a second. The pretentious and rich Brie, Chianti, and Latte Liberals who drive huge Hummers to the Sundance Festival (yet object to common families driving SUVs) praise this anti-American dreck to no end. And why is it that every movie that airs at Sundance truly sucks. Am I that much out of touch with the Pseudo-Intelligentsia who down our country at every turn, yet invest heavily in Defense stocks. Dogville also did well at Cannes; but considering the even more seditious Fahrenheit 911 won Palm D'Or, that doesn't say much. Dogville is something like Our Town, except it sucks. I'm sure the poseurs and artsy-fartsy phonies marvel at the naturalistic setting where instead of a mean barking dog, the word Dog is written on the floor and supposed to represent the purportedly mean canine. The story deals with a miserable little village called Dogville (symbolic of America), where people are mean and talk real slow and stupid-like (symbolic of Americans). Nicole Kidman drops into a town as a Bimbo running from Gangsters (I think she is a symbol of the enlightened foreigner, but who cares). The cast is pretty good with Kidman, Lauren Bacall, Paul Bettany and others who should have known better. But despite the big-buck cast, the movie has a feel of high school thespians reading off cue cards. Boredom and Tedium bludgeons you from opening credits. My wife, no kidding, was KO'd to sleep by the movie in the first 5 minutes. It took me three days to suffer through it. I would fall in and out of repose only to be bored back into somnelescence again by the dreadfully stultifying and sonorous dialogue. At first, no one does anything interesting or exciting. The first viewing of it, after about 45 minutes, I pulled the plug on the movie to watch the Auburn-Mississippi game (far more intellectually stimulating). Then the movie goes from boring to disturbing and depressing. Supposedly the Danish dude who made this flick is making an allegory to how awful and rotten we Americans are, particularly in our treatment to outsiders. I guess the Danish dude thinks we ugly Americans should be more cordial to Arab terorrists after they butcher 3,000 of us. God, this movie really stinks. Anybody who says they like it also thinks Friends is funny, You can't be too gay, and 911 transpired because we had it coming. Hopefully, Van Helsing will be available next week.