Nothing could have prepared me for the torrent of bile script spewing from a greek epic of dire, sluggish, tedious and asinine proportions as this joke of a farcical Hollywood movie. Of the many bad films I saw this year this one topped the pole easily. It made Van Helsing look like a cult classic, Gothika a Hitchcock inspired film and that loathsome Cold Mountain a historical epic in the same league as Gone with the Wind and believe me, it wasn't. One film has to take home the prize for worst film of the year and surely Troy is it. It's times like these that you can see the importance of actors having some classical training as the majority of them were reciting their lines as if they were reading from a rostrum camera and at their worst auto-cue cards. Brad Pitt looked somewhat like a greek god, but Achilles he wasn't. He looked like a californian surfer preparing for a friend's greek themed Halloween party. Orlando Bloom is gorgeous, but let's face it, he can't act if his life depended on it and relies on the supporting cast to save his talent. The women's roles in this film were awful they were simple eye candy, damsel in distress playthings with as much depth as a merky puddle. Diane Kruger looked the part of Helen, but she failed to make her character more than two-dimensional and at times believeable. Eric Bana as the almost courageous and heroic Hector didn't engage me, he bored me silly. The fight scene between himself and Brad Pitt was good, but what shocked me the most were actors in that scene watched Hector's death as if they were watching a bug killed in a bathtub, there was no sincerity of a valuable loss at all. Peter O'Toole as the father of Hector and Paris showed the younger generation of actors how you play a classical character and prevented this film from tumbling further into horrendous tedium. At times I felt as if I was watching a film students graduation movie. As a member of the audience I wasn't pulled in, I was thrown out. Simply put this film is TERRIBLE!