OK, I admit it, I'm a sap. I LOVED this movie. Definitely one of my favorites. For those of you who prefer garbage like Closer - go for it! However, I think THIS movie is closer to reality than that piece of trash. This was a true love story and what true love is all about. We can learn a lot from the love shared by Noah and Allie. I don't understand why people find depressing, gross movies so interesting and stimulating while dissing a beautiful, positive movie like this one. Perhaps it is the fate of humanity to wallow in sludge. Me? I prefer to roll in beauty, and this movie is beautiful. Well-scripted, well-acted - James Garner was superb and Ryan Gosling was HOT! Rachel McAdams came out of nowhere and I hope to see her in more movies in the future. A lovely cast and a story that leaves you feeling like there is hope for the human race, where's the downside? For those of you who think this is too pat, they indicate that it wasn't a perfect marriage, but it took work and commitment. I have been married for 26 years to the love of my life and not only am I glad I hung in there with us, but I can't imagine my world without him. No, it wasn't easy and we almost divorced twice, but we hung in there and worked hard. Like Noah and Allie, I hope not to have to face life without the love of my life. This movie was not about fantasy - it was about hope and commitment and the joy one can have in marriage when two work hard and love much. A stunning movie! I haven't yet met a person in real life who hasn't liked this movie (my husband was annoyed that it made him cry, but other than that, it's been a 100% hit). I also loved the interweaving of their young love story with the end of their lives love story. What a wonderful, positive movie. I agree with Winter Spirit to beware of the love scenes. While I disagree it was a good portion of the film, it's not a good idea to let young children watch this movie. Probably should have been rated R. But, for once, I didn't think it was gratuitous sex as in most movies (see Closer), it was the culmination and outward manifestation of the tremendous love shared by these two characters. I prefer to believe that humanity IS capable of positive love and happy marriages. Learn from THIS movie how to do it! Beware: Bring your hankies :)