This movie was so bad, even I can't believe it. The movie was designed to throw every possible exciting event at you, one after another, until you are thrilled out of your pants. Instead it was just overkill. I like fantasy as much as the next person but this was so fake and silly I just felt insulted instead. I don't know the first thing about mountain climbing. Or bombs. Or helicopters. But I am intelligent enough to know that 1) there's no way even a billionaire could get that many people to show up at a party on K2. Where did all the cute chicks come from? Give me a break. And all the mountain climbers partying and drinking beer? Why aren't they resting for tomorrow's hike? Puh-leeze. 2) There's no way that the Pakistani government would have allowed a team of renegade rescuers to tote leaky cartridges of explosives up some mountain. Also, if you are going to blow someone out of a hole in the mountain you had better get a crack team of precision experts to do it, rather than just sending down a note saying BANG warning the people to get down. There's no way they would have survived that blast. And 3) I don't see how that helicopter could have hovered that long to allow the rescue group to jump off without crashing. That's just the tip of the iceberg as far as the ludicrosity of this movie goes. Anyone who rated this movie above a 2 should be ashamed. The producers and directors AND ACTORS (Chris O'Donnell, I thought higher of you than this!) should be ashamed. And the movie studios that keep putting out garbage like this should be ashamed. Yes, I want action and drama, but please give me some action that makes at least a little sense. Please don't insult my intelligence like this. And give me a hero that I can believe in rather than some washed-up, guilt-ridden dude who is a carbon copy of every other action movie I have ever seen (gee, I bet the writers of this movie watched Cliffhanger while they were thinking of ideas for a hero! It's the same freakin' story!) I ended up having to buy my boyfriend dinner because I dragged him to this lousy movie. He was mad at me for at least an hour after the movie was over. Next time he gets to pick what we see. 