I just saw an advance screening of this in Toronto, and I have to say it is without a doubt one of the most ridiculous movies I have ever seen. While I enjoyed XXX and found the Fast and the Furious moderately entertaining for a rental, I have to say that Rob Cohen has just proved himself as having one of the worst eyes for detail in the world... that or he simply does not have any other skill except pointing the camera and shooting. The first 15 minutes of the film shows good promise. It starts off with a bang and gives you some of the coolest fighter jet action ever. And in terms of the jet sequences, they are certainly some of the best I have ever seen. But that is the only saving grace of this film. If all you care about are the fighter sequences, you will probably enjoy this. But, if you have any brain for real military situations, science or even common sense, you will find this film to be about the stupidest piece of tripe you have every laid your eyes on. To give one example, at one point a pilot has to bail out of a plane (this is shown in the commercials). Any person with a brain would know that if a pilot bailed out, in a few seconds that pilot's plane would be nearly a mile away. However, this pilot ejects downwards and a few seconds later the plane blows up raining fiery debris over the pilot. Any person with a basic understanding of science would know that the heavy, metallic debris from the plane would be traveling faster in its original direction than the falling pilot, and since the plane did not blow up instantly, it would not be directly above the pilot. However, the debris falls in a straight line down onto the pilot. Another example is the fact that there are so many minor plot threads that have absolutely no importance to the overall story. It is like the writer needed to fill space instead of developing the original story and decided to just throw in a bunch of unrelated, undeveloped scenes. Instead of developing the main story (which was interesting enough) we get a bunch of little threads that never add up to a very interesting whole. These are just two examples of how badly thought out the script was. The list is actually endless and my friend and I spent the second half of the film just carving it up. Jamie Foxx is going to be thanking the Maker that he won the Oscar before this film was released. At least he can still ride on that success. However, there is not much for anybody else involved in this film to walk away with. Don't waste your money. If you want to see it, rent it. But there are much better films to spend money on. I'm glad I didn't spend a cent. 