This movie was horrible and boring. I would not recommend this version of Time Machine to anyone. Don't bother renting the tape either, you'll just be wasting your money. Like most films made by Hollywood today, this one showed their anti-White nature. The Morlocks, the bad guys, had blond hair and their mind control leader was a glow-in-the-dark Aryan, who was also bad. According to this story, mankind evolved into two species, the dark skinned mixed race, who were portrayed as completely good in nature and the blond race creatures and their Aryan mind controller, who were portrayed as evil. The bad blonds ate the dark skinned people, but this was never shown. The 'hero' of this boring flick killed all the mutated Aryans and freed the mixed race from their horrible oppression of being food. Jewish hollywood never misses a chance to portray blonds in a negative manner. H.G.Wells would hate this version of his book since he was well aware of Aryan history (he wrote on the subject) and to see his movie take on anti-Aryan sentiments would have inflamed him. I may have described this film in an exciting way, but it was really dull and predictable even if you haven't read the book. The 'hero' uses his time machine to blow up all the bad people and then he stays in the future. The movie is also anti-technology by saying mankind took his knowledge too far. In the 'hero's' first couple of jumps into the future, he sees that mankind (Whites) destroyed the moon causing all society to collapse. All that is left in the far off future is the mixed race 'good people' and the mutated White 'bad' race. All the action parts of the film I mentioned were very brief, so don't go see the movie because of the narrative I spoke on. Basically this film was nothing more than anti-White, anti-technology propaganda with little entertainment value. No wonder it tanked at the box office. And, if you rent it, you will only be wasting your time. It's also no wonder movies do not offer a satisfaction guarantee.