This film has many conceptual problems as well as my own problems with the politics in the movie. First Joan Allen is portrayed as being a centerist democrat who was once in the Republican party. However her closing statement in her interview by the judiciary committee is filled with many not only democratic, but extreme leftist views, which could never in reality come from a democrat who had at one time been a believable member of the Republican party. This type of positioning in the film only serves to make far leftists think they are actually moderates and further divide the population. Secondly, based on the statement of her politics only serves as a mouth piece for the liberals who produced, directed, starred in, and wrote this piece of tripe. Additionally, any candidate for vice president under the conditions, which she was to be appointed, would not be confirmed. Her views are too radical. There would be no need for the reporting of any sex scandal or adulterous acts. She simply would not be confirmed. Furthermore, Jeff Bridges makes no bones about his want to have a woman (not just a woman but that woman) fill the position of vice president regardless of her experience or qualifications. While many may agree with this approach, I simply do not. One must test the qualifications of the individual before hiring them. In the concluding scenes of the movie, Jeff Bridges requests an immediate roll call vote of a joint session of Congress for her approval. This is followed by a standing ovation by the entire Congress and applauds as though the president were going to war, which is complete and utter BS. If a woman with the views stated earlier in the movie were being brought up for appointment in that unbelievable, entirely unrealistic venue, Republicans and centerists alike would not stand for her or the words of the president. Finally, Jeff Bridges equates her politics with leadership skills and some sort of political destiny she may have. If you vote against her, you vote against a true leader. While a president might do this in reality, Congressmen can see through such propoganda. Apparently, the makers of this film think the American people cannot. My only fear would generally be that the American people might not. However, the movie was rather poorly attended, so I believe most people can tell when someone is trying to veil political dialogue under the guise of suspense.