A mesmerizing look into the lives an organized crime family through the eyes of a neighborhood Irish/Italian kid (Played as an adult by Ray Liotta) recruited at a young age to perform small jobs and later rising through the ranks as a soldier and racketeer. Director Martin Scorsese's masterpiece epic features a brilliant ensemble cast, (including many of his group of "regulars" from earlier fims including; "Mean Streets", "The Raging Bull", and later, "Casino.") an excellant soundtrack, and many depictions of graphic violence. While the film is laced with dark and subtle humor, certain scenes are not for the squeemish. Robert Dinero co-stars as the brutal Irish-American thug Jimmy Conway, giving a powerful, and menacing performance. Paul Sorvino, as mob boss Paul Cicero is also standout as is Lorraine Brocco as the wife of Henry Hill (Liotta). The breakout star of the film is Joe Pesci (winner of the Best Supporting Actor for his role in the fim), who, as the sociopathic Tommy DeVito, steals nearly every scene that involves him, and his murder at the hands of the family that be believes he is moving up in, signals the downhill slide of the principal characters and of the tale itself. With Tommy eliminated, the shady world that had been illuminated for it's glamour and allure, quickly reveals massive, unrepairable cracks eventually ending with all of the players either dead or in prison. Scorcese purposefully lures the viewers into this tale of high times and easy money before dropping the inevitable trap door that springs to life the eternal message that, "Crime doesn't pay!" Scorsese's mob films are not at all like Coppolla's "Godfather" series as the graphic nature and profanity laced dialogue is less likely to create the image of the sort of "tragic hero" portayed by Al Pacino, Marlon Brando (and a young Robert Deniro) who appear as almost likable family men whereas the boys in the Cicero gang are more of the ruthless killer type. The classic scene in which Joe Pesci's Tommy "D" has Ray Liotta's character nearly crapping himself before a confused bunch of his cohorts while reveling in a nightclub ("You think I'm a clown? I amuse you? What the f@#k is so f@#king funny?...) shows how quickly these so-called friends can turn on each other and how confused and terrified they are in each other's presense. In my opinion, this is one of the ten best films made on American soil and it was and outright robbery that it was not named best picture and Scorsese also lost out on being named best director. This movie is popular with filmgoers, film students, and artists alike. How many lines can you recite from "Dances with Wolves?" (1990's Best Film and Best Director, Kevin Costner) I guess crime doesn't pay.