Where to begin? Dark Water looks like a fun, scary, summer movie from every trailer that is shown, and I admit that I looked forward to seeing it. But now that I have sat down and taken the hours out of my life to watch the film, I feel like I have wasted a part of my life for this movie. To be frank, Dark Water is a boring, and un-scary film. I thought of this movie as being along the lines (in scares and suspense) of the remake of The Ring, but I found myself disappointed in what I watched take place on screen. I'm not sure if it's just me, but dirty water gushing out of a faucet every 5 min. is not what I call scary. Obviously I did not like this movie, and nearly the entire theater who saw the film with me felt the same way. Many people immediately got on their cell phones and called others saying how bad it was, and one woman said to her (husband I'm presuming) that she felt that she had been ripped off, even though it was a free screening. From what is shown in the trailers (panic, glass breaking, and water gushing out in every direction), all of that happens within the final 15 or 10 min. of the movie. What is worse is that the first hour or so is so dull and boring that you loose interest almost completely by the time the, do I dare say, fun, events occur. In the beginning, Dark Water seems to be a slow paced, and sad drama. Not at all a scary/suspenseful thriller. The ending is bizarre, and pointless. The mystery of what happens is unclearly solved and we are left thinking what just happened?. The director takes his time setting up the movie (drawing out divorce, custody hearings, looking through the apartment for a good 20 min., walking around the halls, riding in the elevator, going to school, among many other things), and then when you finally care about what is happening, it is like he slams the book shut and leaves you disappointed. At one time I looked forward to seeing Dark Water beat the Fantastic 4 at the box office, because the Fantastic 4 looked even worse from previews, interviews and trailers, but now... now after seeing Dark Water in its entirety, I have to say to everyone wondering how Dark Water really is: Save your money. You will most likely be very disappointed in the end.