This is probably one of the most compelling dramas that I have watched in my lifetime. Everything about the movie seemed to be up to the par: the acting, the script, the dialogue, the directing and the musical score. Critics of this film like to pander on the fact that it is not entirely accurate. Well, no, it is not. But then again, neither was the Warren Report that concluded that Oswald acted alone in the assassination, despite the fact that a Congressional Investigation in the late 70s suspected otherwise, stating that John F. Kennedy was probably killed by a conspiracy. Even if you are one of those who believe the findings of the Warren Commission, I would hope that you would recognize this film's greatness. Kevin Costner's final speech to the jury towards the end of the movie was simple, to the point, and one of the best that I have seen (better than Nicholson's in A Few Good Men .). JFK is made up of an all-star cast with Kevin Bacon, Kevin Costner, Tommy Lee Joens, Joe Pesci and Gary Oldman all at their best. This movie is merely that, a movie. It is not meant to be based on facts, but meant to reflect the opinions of Oliver Stone, Jim Garrison and others. I don't believe some of the things suggested in this film (LBJ's complicity among them), but I still think that it was a very well done fllm. It is a very important film because it is the first Hollywood filmt to at least explore the possibility of a conspiracy in the Kennedy death, and despite many of the film's factual errors, many of its points cannot be denied (i.e. The Warren Commission was a very sloppy investigation). John Williams' score for this film is perfectly suited, and his apparent passion for Kennedy and his assassination is very obvious. The score for JFK made the movie even more compelling, espescially in the beginning when switching from a somewhat Cassandra-like theme to a drum roll, implying a military connection. The film is an investigation into the human spirit and how the vigour and dedication of one man and his team of associates can rise above the highest powers in order to discover the truth about one of the most controversial and historically important events ever. I reccomend this to anyone who is interested in the Kennedy assassination, or anyone who is in the mood for a thought-compelling drama.