The absurdly riotious group known collectively as Monty Python in their first (and what most agree is their best) film, the 1975 release. "Monty Python and the Holy Grail," Certainly the team's most well known , financially successful, and oft quoted venture, "The Holy Grail" was shot on a shoestring budget, over a period of about forty days with cast and crew braving the often brutally cold, rainy and inhospitable Scottish weather. Consisting of a string of skits woven together around a concept tracing a band of noble crusaders enlisted by King Arthur of Britain with direct orders from the almighty to find the the cup used by Jesus at the last supper. (I'm not sure why the big guy, being all knowing, couldn't find it for himself.) Graham Chapman plays the role of Arthur, ably assisted by Terry Gilliam as his coconut clapping knave, Patsy. Each of the Pythons appear in multiple roles with Terry Jones playing Sir Bedevere, John Cleese as Sir Lancelot ("the Brave"), Michael Palin as Sir Galahad ("the Pure"), and Eric Idle as Sir. Robin ("the not-so-brave-as Sir Lancelot") Their adventures, both alone and collectively, allowed for a far larger audience exposure to the group and paved the way to international superstardom for the unit. Each became successful in his own right with Idle making the largest impact via, "All You Need is Cash" a film featuring the legendary make believe English pop group The Rutles in a hilarious spoof of The Beatles (with the blessing of cameo playing George Harrison who became a great friend of Idle's and with who's money later Python projects including 'The Life of Brian" and others were made) for American television in 1978. Idle has appeared in a great number of successful projects and currently has found a new audience with his own traveling comedy revue. Cleese scored with his British television series 'Falty Towers', the film "A Fish Called Wanda", as well as becoming a successful pitch man who may be seen hawking a variety of products in American television commercials. Chapman died of cancer in October of 1989. Terry Jones continues to write, act in direct occasionally. Terry Gilliam directs movies, and Michael Palin currently treks across the globe, climbing the highest of mountains and sailing the deepest of seas. This film was the troupe's high water mark and continues to get them mistaken for each other by wide mouthed passer's by to this very day.