Ok like seriously i dont think anybody will ever know how much this movie made me pee my pants. It is by far the scariest movie I have ever seen and probably will be THE scariest movie I ever watch my whole entire life. The acting was amazing. It might have been slightly more effective if Jessica Biel was wearing a different top but it was still fine. This movie didn't have the same critera as most modern horror movies these days do. There was no nudity, no comedy, and barely any glimpse of hope. Some of the main characters do die and you actually feel sad. Biel ends up all by herself with the little farm boy that she kidnapped. It could have potiental for a second one it would be really ridiculously scary but the story would be ruined. This isn't just the best horror movie I have ever seen its the best movie period. I just love it in movies when they have a song for the killing parts because it just makes it gracefull in a way and scarier somehow. Oh another thing chainsaws are actually really scary and im sure theres some twisted person out there some where that hurts animals or people with it. I just think that they should have added way way way more special features for people who are completly interested in the movie and the real story. They should have decifered which of the black and white footage at the beginning and end of the movie was real. Im pretty sure that the part with the only known footage of Thomas Hewitt (Leatherface) was real. In a way i hope not but in another way it would be hella scary. I love scary movies and nobody will ever know how amazing this movie was to me. Another thing don't ya just love that sound that the movie makes on occasion (the old fashion camera clicking I think or something like that) just haunts me all the time. One of the scariest parts is when one of the guys is running through the sheets that would scare the crap out of me. Also when Biel is in the butcher shop with the cows is scary. It must suck when you are hiding or running for your life with dead cows or sheets. Another thing WHY is absolutly everbody in the Travis County so insane and twisted up its just soooo crazzy. I wish somebody would give me the complete down low of the REAL Texas Chainsaw Massacre and the REAL Thomas Hewitt. Thanks for your time everyone and Thanks for making a movie this hella scary it changed my life (I'll never look at chainsaws ever again)