I saw this movie over the weekend and I thought it was thought provoking but very disturbing at the same time. Im interested in finding out what Americans think about the film & Bush after they see it, because I don't understand why they ever liked him in the first place. The guys a loser, it's shows how he has always been a failure. He wouldn't have won the election, if he didnt cheat his way in. His previous work experience, consists of working for Oil companies (go figure), which he proceded to run into the ground, if it weren't for his daddy (His money, the money the saudi's have been giving his dad for years...um the account shared with the Bin Laden's), he'd be nobody. But this movie isn't just about Bush. There are alot of other topics presented....The fact that nowadays, strangers and/or foreigners, are expendable as human beings. A phrase like Who cares, I dont know them after saying or doing something you would feel bad about doing to someone you knew/or cared about. Too many people couldn't care less about other people & find it hard to trust anyone. Too many people try to find the differences between people before realising that they have plenty of things in common. Or how being greedy for money & oil is more important than the lives of the solider's Bush sends overseas. The Bush families shared bank accounts with the Bin Laden family....How on Sept. 11, they flew 130 members of the Bin Laden family out of the states, while all other planes were grounded, instead of investigating/asking them any questions to see if they were involved.(Any innocent persons would have welcomed the questions, if they knew it would help) or how bout the young boys/girls(early 20 yr olds) that think it's cool that they can play their cd's in the tanks, while killing (most of the time) innocent people. How they were disapointed when they realised that going into the army, wasn't like a video game. I mean, any intelligent person, would find these comments scary...This is the way alot of Americans think. (This is a problem)(Watch Micheal Moore's previous movie & tell me there isn't a problem with guns in America...Anyways) These are human beings, real lives....It's very disturbing to think that they don't see anything wrong when harming someone. Every human has a family, everyone has parents & siblings. Everyone has someone they love, and more people should take a walk in each other's shoes. I don't know any of you, but I sure as hell, wouldn't see you as my enemy. and another topic, Controlled bombing in Iraq...HAH, This movie shows that it's not controlled, you see babies that have been killed by the Americans bombs & rockets, reports of alot of American solider's who not only die, but come back with missing limbs (who hears their stories on tv?) I could go on & on, But for anyone on here who makes a decision on the film, without seeing it, is either young & we'll forgive you for being naive, or you're someone who would probally die for Bush, & with his gratitude, he'd probally give your widow half of what he/she deserves. He's done that to a hell of alot of young solider's he has sent to fight his war, solider's with children....wow, he's a great president. 