The original Blair witch was a cultural phenomina. Even if you never saw it you heard about it. I think alot of people chose to dislike the original because everyone else loved it so in turn found it hip to hate it. So, I think many people contiously chose to dislike Book of Shadows before ever giveing this great film a chance. It was a very brave move for Joe Berlinger ( Director of Paradise Lost, Paradise Lost 2 Revelations and Brother's Keeper) to take the reins and direct a film many people had already chosen to kill with criticism. It was cool of Joe to take a different approach to making this film. The veteran documintarian decided to take the documentary styled Blair Witch Project sequel and shoot completly different. I think this was also the smart move. If it had beed done using the same formula and technique it wouldn't have been as fresh or inventive as the original. Not only that but so many Blair Witch Project Spoofs have come out I'm sure he didn't want any confusion. I also think it was clever to take the characters out of the woods and put them in a loft. The acting as well as the directing in my opinion is flawless. You could not ask for a more complex and thought provoking story. The directing, the acting and the score really bring this film to life. This movie also differs from just about any sequel I have ever seen in that no characters from the original ever show up (except for the un named evil that could just be a collective dellusion.), the movie directly comments on the success of the original film and it questions the existince of the main star of the series...The Blair Witch. The story asks the question are the five teens the latest victims of the evil that exists in the Black Hills or is it possible the Blair Witch does not exist at all? Were the five youngins who are all obssesed with the Blair Witch in their own way driven into a killing spree caused by the mass hysteria created by the media frenzy surrounding The Blair Witch Project? Evil is human not supernatural. That it comes from within. These five kids don't remember what they did. Is it history or hysteria? A very cool film that makes you think and never ever lets me sit through a viewing without getting goosebumps and cold chills. If you haven't seen this film yet do so but with an open mind. If you saw this film and hated it, try sitting through it again using that same open mind techniqe I just mentioned. This film is very smart. Smart and creative in all the ways many horror films these days are not. Purely in the fact that there is no straight here let me spell it out for you answers in this movie. You might come out confused but it will also leave you thinking ...and stunned. A genuinly good mystery horror movie. Jeff Donovan is the man!