 Schindler's List is probably the most authentic portrayal of the Holocaust you can get without being a documentary. Speilberg proved himself to be a director of the highest caliber and Ralph Fiennes and Liam Neeson give stellar performances that haven't been matched YET. But there a few things that really struck me about this film that are astounding. 1) The little girl's red coat- To some it symbolized the bloodshed of six million victims; to me it symbolized freedom. In the first scene she and the red coat appear, she is walking oblivious and unnoticed through chaotic streets like a little girl walking home from school without a care in the world but when she hides under the bed, her coat suddenly changes black and white. She has become a part of and is entraped by the dismal scene. When we see her again, she is on a cart, expired and headed for the incinerator- she no longer has to experience the horrors of what is going on around her. 2) Hitler is rarely mentioned and never seen in the film. He remains the unseen force behind all the evil that we observe on the screen; the result of the man rather than the man himself. 3) I have never seen death scenes more authentic before. The particular one that comes to mind is the female architect in the concentration camp. Did you notice how she bounced off the ground, limp and lifeless, after she was shot? This has drilled something home to me: I have realized how fragile and priceless life is and though we forget from time to time, we are NOT invincible. 4) The profound character study of Schindler and the effects war and death can have on someone. At the beginning of the film, we have a money-hungry, womanizing Nazi sympathizer who transforms into a compassionate, selfless philanthropist. I guess Anne Frank was right when she said I believe there is good in everyone.. I will always have a special place in my heart for this film and have not just observed this picture, but been completely absorbed and transformed by it!