I see alot of people saying that this movie is a poor sequel. That the acting was poor and the CG wasnt as good as the second movie was. Or that it didnt come up to expectations. Thats really sad that people have nothing better to do than break down every sequence in a movie and thier sequels and rate it like they know how a movie should be made. Its gone from going to a movie, buying some popcorn, watching the end to a trilogy of movies that started in 1997 and ended in 2003. In which the people involved in these movies, worked harder and harder each sequel to produce more stunning effects then they did previously. And saying WOW that was awesome. Your talking about a movie where 80% is done in CGI.And the Zion Fight scene was totally mind blowing. All I could say is holy crap thats freaking AWESOME.Well That is totally awesome, not to mention hard as hell to do. All in the same keeping up with the scripts and the dialogue of the movie. There are alot of sad movies out there that deserve to be put down but this movie isnt a second rate movie thats better to be rented than seen on big screen. This movie did more CGI , Required more on the physical strengths and the abilities of the actors, and stuntmen, and programmers, and builders,designers,artists, and a whole army of people that worked 7 days a week for an entire year to produce a stunning move for your enjoyment. And you guys just sit there and piss and moan about it thats really sad.You complain about the end where the good characters die, Is this star trek? No its not the good guys dont always live, unless your living in a fantasy land where everything is perfect.I knew neo and trinity would die. Neo was a part of agent smith they both were connected by only neo's abilities .In order for smith to die neo would have to go. And would be fair share that trinity and neo die together in the same movie because they were in love and would die for each other. Anyways This movie deserves 5 stars and 2 thumbs up. And is up there in league with Lord Of the Rings and the Star wars movies. If you say you fell asleep in this movie more than likely your attention span is that of a 3 year old. 