There is no doubt that this will be a classic. "The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe" is a solid representation of C.S. Lewis's world; there are few tweaks in the storyline (the beginning of the story, mostly, but the more realistic approach is appreciated in the real world portion of the movie), but it is mostly quite faithful to the novel. SYNOPSIS: . . . I wont get into it, you probably have already read it. PROS: Only with this level of computer technology could we get such a rich and fluid world that does the imagination justice (and for those critics who are sticking their nose up in the air and saying that "well, my imagination was far better", I'd wager to say that if we put your glorious imagined version on screen, most people would highly disagree; in short, "stow it"). As mentioned before, there was little done to stray from the novel (there are three or four notable exceptions, but they do not detract from the movie). The children did an admirable job portraying Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy. Georgie Henley (Lucy) was particularly impressive, and I think shed give Dakota Fanning a run for her money. The non-human characters were well rendered. The great battle, though somewhat brief, was great. The soundtrack was beautiful. The two hour and twelve minute running time passes as quickly as does the time in the real world compared to that in Narnia. CONS: They could have certainly done more with Aslan; it was easy for me to forgive, though, since most people would be bringing their children to see this, and kids in the theater had a difficult time sitting through two hours as it was. I hope that, once released on DVD, it might involve Aslan more. Only once did I feel that the CG failed. And Im still trying to figure out why that cat in the end (during the coronation scene) had a mustache and eyeglasses clearly drawn on him, like some prankster went in with the Microsoft Paint program and hand-drawn eyeglasses and the mustache. Maybe it was some bizarre inside joke, but it totally distracted me from the movie. OVERALL: Definitely worth seeing, definitely worth buying on DVD. 