It all begins in a medical supply warehouse where Burt is training new recruit Freddy in the ways of running the business. Discussion eventually leads to Burt mentioning a few barrels being stored in the basement. According to Burt, they contain corpses that had at one time been reanimated. You see, Night Of The Living Dead was based on an actual event. Somehow a group of scientists accidentally created a gas that revives the dead. The military stored these corpses in cannisters and shipped them. Only problem is, they got shipped to the wrong place. Fortunately, these cannisters had an emergency phone number stenciled on them. Unfortunately, the owner of the warehouse never bothered to call it. Burt and Freddy decide to visit the basement and take a look. They end up puncturing one of the barrels, causing the body inside to melt, thereby releasing the gas. Well, this is a medical supply facility. What do you suppose they might be storing in that walk-in freezer upstairs? Oh, yes. That cadaver we were introduced to earlier. Alien writer Dan O'Bannon makes his directing debut with this hilarious, violent sendup of zombie flicks. Beginning with the above mentioned, isolated situation, whose solution creates an even larger problem, the film progresses until the entire town is overwhelmed by walking corpses. O'Bannon takes any number of elements from Romero's series and gives them a twist. The zombies are no longer stumbling into walls. In fact, they appear to be rather intelligent. When a woman escapes by hiding in a locker, this particular zombie attaches the door handles to a miniature crane and proceeds to rip the doors off. They're also smart enough to figure out how to use a CB to acquire more food. These are picky corpses, too. They don't want just any piece of human flesh, they want brains. As stated previously, this is a parody. While it does contain all the violence requisite to a horror film of this sort, it focuses on comedy. Realistic, if underdeveloped, characters make the profanity-laden dialogue genuinely funny. Other situations, such as Trash(Linnea Quigley) giving a short essay on the worst way to die which gives way to a striptease(all this taking place in a cemetery), are good moments of black comedy. Nevertheless, a love of black comedy is not required to enjoy this film. There are many other moments to laugh at. The only thing that might turn off some viewers is the level of violence. It's never excessive, but a few well placed effects will have the more squeamish viewers glancing at the floor. On the other hand, some of the violence is quite amusing. You have to admit, watching two guys restrain a formerly dead body while the third hits it in the head with a pickaxe(which has no effect, the Shape might add) is downright hilarious. All in all, whether you like horror of comedy, you're going to like this. Those of you who don't like being scared needn't worry. Not even the most timid viewer will find anything to be afraid of here. 