Alright, alright, alright! I think if I hear one more person say that Tomas Hewitt or Leatherface was real, or that this excellent movie was based on some maniac in Texas I am gonna go on a chainsaw wielding massacre myself. Here s the low down, kids Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Psycho, and a dozen other of our favorite horror movies are almost purely Ed Gein. Don t believe me? You don t have to read the excellent book Deviant , which chronicles Ed Gein s ghastly deeds, and not to be a jerk Aurielle, but it was never, ever proven that Ed Gein ate any of his victims in any way shape or form, he did however, wear their skin, just like our huge buddy Leatherface (but you are right about him only actually killing two people. The dozens of others were already dead). The Texas Chainsaw Massacre is purely imagination mixed with headlines taken from Ed Gein stories. But don t take my word for it I dare you to find a SINGLE newspaper clipping or report of some crazed mass murderer from Texas chopping up anyone in the last 60 years. However, it s VERY easy to find loads of information on Ed Gein, and even more info on how his disgusting acts turned into pop fiction horror movies. That fact alone is enough for me. I m not saying it s impossible that some nut hacked up some kids with a chainsaw in Texas, but if it happened, this movie sure as hell ain t based on it. And the whole Based on a True Story thing? It s a marketing tool, guys. If the kids think this stuff really happened, maybe it ll fill more seats in the theaters, and oh look, it usually does. But anyway, in closing, I loved this movie and although I didn t find it the least bit scary, I did find it disturbing, moving, and even sad (the engagement ring thing... ouch...) which is better in my opinion. The ending seemed very abrupt and left me with some unresolved tensions, but all in all, it was terrific. But the really scary thing was how ungodly beautiful Jessica Biel looked in those blue jeans and that cowboy hat. Who s with me? 