Worth seeing. The Enron story is an unbelievable story of greed - not just by the Skillings and Lays, but by their bankers, lawyers, accountants, customers, investors, and traders. There was so much cash being thrown off by the stock's meteoric rise, that everybody involved was content to take their place at the trough, and ignore their ethics. I was blown away by the price California paid for Enron's greed. Having lived through the rolling blackouts a couple of years ago, I had always found it extremely strange that the State would suddenly run out of power, especially in the winter. Well it turns out, a desperate Enron was driving its traders to convince power station operators to shut down, in order to drive the price of electricity up. Enron would profit from the increased prices, and more lucratively, gamble that the price of electricity would go up. These profits allowed Enron to maintain the facade of a financially healthy company. In California, businesses were being shut down, cars were crashing when streetlights went down, and the fifth largest economy in the world would be crippled for hours on end. And all so Enron could line their pockets. Governor Gray Davis plead to the Feds for help in regulating the price of energy. Unfortunately for California, George W. Bush is/was a close family friend of Lay, and even was recorded taping a birthday video for Skilling, and no help was forthcoming. (to be fair, the Fed position was that this was a California issue, but the obvious conflict of interest made my stomach turn.) Stunning sequences in this movie of Gray Davis questioning how half the states power plants could be down for maintenance at the same time, set against taped Enron trader calls to the power plants, saying that they need to find a reason to shut down for a little while. It's an ugly story, and tragic as well - the movie begins and ends with the suicide of one of Enron's beloved executives, not to mention the galling video clip of a laughing Skilling imploring his employees to put their entire 401K's in Enron stock. While the movie is a little heavy handed, it makes for compelling viewing. 