Palpatine continues his conquest of domination and destruction of the republic. He looks a little more tired in this one because the quest for galactic domination is taking its strain. similar to phantom menace in that palpatine keeps pushing and gaining a stronger hold on the senate by not just being chancellor this time but gets the senate to elect him as a supreme commander/dictator to still the turmoil brought on by the trade federation. again palpatine is playing the trade federation, he used them in phantom menace to get elected chancellor, and here he uses them to get the clone army approved by the senate, and to gain ultimate control over the republic. at the same time he gets some termites who make battle droids for the trade federation to construct plans for a death star. and has count dooku deliver them to him on coruscant. i like dooku much more than darth maul who was all braun and no brains. i think palpatine will have a bit of trouble in getting rid of dooku, he is going to have to really work at out smarting dooku in the next film, because there can be only one emperor. jango fett continues the badass image of the fett's we got from boba in the old movies. i look forward to seeing boba in action in the third movie, because the effects with jango were excellent, he exemplifies everything a bounty hunter should be in the star wars universe. and what i wish i could have seen boba doing in the battle at the sarlacc pit in jedi. an unfitting end in movie history if i ever saw one. take his head off with a lightsabre or call it a draw, anything but igniting his jetpack by mistake and sending him headfirst into jabbas skiff then tumbling into the mouth of the sarlacc. kinda ironic it was a misfire of jangos jetpack that did him in. or was it? and by the way how come all the stormtroopers in the early films are so easy to killoff if they are all clones of jango should they not be a little more deadly and inventive. guess its the inbreeding over 30 years. nuff said. attack of the clones is a fun movie and nice addition to the star wars saga.