I wrote this review on August 11, one month to the day of the terrorist attacks, and I think it stands even more true today: How quickly we are willing to criticize something that we did not create, a work of art belonging to another--but isn't that human nature? To judge a book by it's cover, a musician by a single song, and a person by his or her physical appearance. And didn't we do the same for Pearl Harbor? Didn't we, the public, see the posters, read the reviews, and then spurn the epic tale off as another Titanic? Yes, I was reluctant to see the movie. I didn't want to sit in the movie theater for three hours, and I didn't care to see another war movie. But Pearl Harbor turned out to be so much more. How can you say you hated the movie, when saying that makes it sound like you hate a part of our history as Americans? The movie inspired such a feeling of patriotism and allegiance in me that the American flag is now something more than just a piece of fabric--it is a symbol of what our country fought for, what our soldiers died for. I cannot believe the apathetic, unconcerned public when it comes to this movie. They read the critic's reviews, and like the lemmings that they are, did not care to form their own opinions of the film. They only sat back and let the film take a plunge in box office sales. Yes, it had beautiful movie stars in the leading roles--but I ask you, what movie doesn't? And yes, the story was a love story--but also wasn't Titanic? And yes, the beginning is a bit slow and each character is introduced--but if they weren't, would we really care if they got killed during the bombing a little further into the film? Pearl Harbor is the most moving, heart-rending film I have ever seen. I cried throughout the movie, ashamed at myself for never realizing what those unsuspecting people went through that terrible morning almost sixty years ago. I'm still ashamed that I could have so much apathy toward America's history, as inaccurate as some may say it was in Pearl Harbor. But, really, don't all historical movies have some kind of inexactitude? If they didn't, they would be a documentary--rather than a fictional--film. Every actor in Pearl Harbor is talented beyond belief. Kate Beckinsale, Cuba Gooding, Jr., Josh Hartnett, Jon Voight, Dan Aykroyd, Ben Affleck, James King, Tom Sizemore, Alec Baldwin, and the thousands of extras helped to bring the movie to life. I admire all of them for standing tall even when the public tried to shoot them down. It is my belief that every movie you see touches you in some way, and changes our existence in ways that we don't always notice right away. They change our entire outlook on life, making us more sensitive and changing our goals and convictions. Pearl Harbor is one of these life-changing films--it made me a better person in numerous ways, through intensity and patriotism, through awareness and realization. God bless the cast, Jerry Bruckheimer, and Michael Bay for making me more humble and finally showing me, even with all the the glitz and computer imagery, that I should be forever proud of my country. 