What an utter disappointment, there is no comparison between this tripe and the original (which is a remake of the superior Japanese version). The original had genuine atmosphere, inventive cinematography and real suspense. The film quality is very standard this time around and lacks the high contrast grainy quality of the first that added to the atmosphere. The main protagonist hasn't gained any more intelligence since the first movie. In fact, she is a complete ditz who needs an IQ infusion to take it out of the double digits. In the first version, she had somewhat of an excuse as she stumbled across the origins of the videotape and began to realize the implications. There were indications in the first movie that she was somewhat of an absent parent who needed to make a connection with her child. In this version, she is even more absent-minded and neglectful. WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD Examples: 1) Right near the beginning, the demonic girl makes an appearance by emerging from a body bag and grabbing the mother to try to pull her into the netherworld. Hmmm...you'd think the mother would clue in and grab her kid and find a police station, hospital or some of other well-lit public place with lots of other people. Nope, instead she leaves her kid alone in a big empty house while she does her investigative reporting at all hours of the night. Plus, they have a Big Screen TV in their new digs. Hello! You would think after what they went through in the first movie, they would avoid being around TVs at all costs. It gets worse, not even half way through the movie, the mother has either left her kid alone or lost him altogether an additional 2-3 times. Example 2) would be after seeing the demonic girl manifest herself in the kid's room and seep out of the walls, the mother takes her son to her romantic interest's house...and leaves him alone in the bathtub while she goes for a drive! The demonic girl loves the water; it's her calling card and main mode of transport, apparently. So, naturally the kid is on his own again with you-know-who. And don't get me started on the "scary" computer-animated herd of roaming deer, yeah, that's right --- demonic deer! Vicious, villainous venison! Oooo, spooky! It has to be one of the most unintentionally funny moments in a horror film and brings the suspense to a screeching halt. No floatation device, ring or otherwise, would save this sinker. 