This is NOT a documentary at all. Its Moore's distorted facts, half truths, and lies that is all jumbled into one big disasterous propaganda piece. And its not because I just don't like him. the movie jumps all over the place, from one issue to the next. It was poorly put together, and does a poor job of linking Bush to Saudi Arabia and Saddam. He only allowed soldeirs who were against the war to speak out. He also said that only one Congressman had a family member in Iraq, which is a LIE. There are actually 4 of them. How can anyone take this crap seriously? Every time he tries to get serious, he quickly ruins it with cheap shots and jokes at Bush. Like Bush's bad looks or his poor speech. What mature, fair documentary does that? The notion is given that all soldiers are against war, and that only conservatives supported it. He never once mentions who several liberals, including Mr. Kerry voted for military action and for the Patriot Act on several occassions. He mainly just reinstitutes information that has already been told by everyone else. I learned nothing new from watching this. Nothing. Instead of trying to make me support Kerry, (which is the entire point of this film) he has only managed to make me support the President even more. The opening is the worst part of the movie. He tries saying how Al Gore really won. Really, when are the sore losers from the left stop thier bitching and moaning? YOU LOST! Get over it already. Back to the issue on Iraq, if Moore actually said that liberals and Kerry voted for military action, I would have given this a three rating. But he didn't, because he's biased. He is an admitted Communist. And no, he did not make any money off of me. I purchased a ticket for another movie but seen this instead. Like Ive said, no knew information on current events was unfolded in this piece. Mr. Moore was simply doing what he does best- making millions on the deaths of innocents. He's is a really awesome at propaganda pieces. Joseph Goebbels would be jumping for joy if he seen this. Moore complains that there are not enough troops in Iraq. Why doesn't he sign up? Huh? It would do his fat body some good. This comment may sound like a personal attack, and it some way it is. But I hate liars and hypocrites who love to distort the American public.