The Python boys are at it again scoring big with their first fully realized story (discounting the seldom seem, soon forgotten "JAbberwocky", which appeared two or three years before this release) chronicling the saga of Brian Cohen who was born in a manger next door to that of the Messiah on the very same night as the savior's birth. In a series of mishaps and mistaken identities, Brian (Played by the late Graham Chapman) is hounded by Roman soldiers, would be diciples who believe him to be the "true" Messiah, lustful groupies, and rival religious factions. Using the same naughty English schoolboy attack that they are noted for in their television series and the classic "Monty Python and the Holy Grail", the boys further spoof Christianity and the many splinter groups that all claim to be the true and only true believers of the sacred teachings. While this full frontal attack on a popular organized religion may have caused this film to be less well attended than the previously mentioned "Holy Grail", unlike it's predecessor, (which exists primarily as a group of skits loosely woven around a centralized theme) this film has a continuity that leads to an eventual resolution of the plot. The more memorable scenes include: Brian's introduction to the members of the 'People's Front of Judea' (sp?), while working as a vendor during the matinee show at the local gladitorial bloodbath. ("Owls ears! Wren's spleens! Otter's noses! Wolf nipple chips! Get em while they're hot. They're lovely...") Michael Palin appearing on the street as a fast talking begger ("Alms for and old ex-leper.") who's calling in life has become compromised after being cured of his disease by Jesus ("Bloody do-gooder!"), and the film's climax that has Brian and many of his fellow unfortunates hanging on crosses awaiting their final demise while ERic Idle sings a whistful paean to worldly existance with it's refrain, "Always look on the the bright side of life..." You'll leave the screening clutching your stomach, sides aching from belly laughs, and tears of laughter rolling down your cheeks whistling the melody that will never your head.